feat(apple): Add docs about OOM (#3297)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/apple/common/configuration/integrations/default.mdx

---
title: Default Integrations

> description: "Learn more about SentryCrashIntegration, SentryAutoBreadcrumbTrackingIntegration, and SentryOutOfMemoryTrackingIntegration that are enabled by default."

Reviewer: This wording sounds a bit odd. Suggest the following: 

```suggestion
description: "Learn more about the SentryCrashIntegration, SentryAutoBreadcrumbTrackingIntegration, and SentryOutOfMemoryTrackingIntegration, which are enabled by default."
```

> description: "Learn more about the SentryCrashIntegration, SentryAutoBreadcrumbTrackingIntegration, SentryAutoSessionTrackingIntegration and SentryOutOfMemoryTrackingIntegration, which are enabled by default."

Reviewer 2: Oxford commas :)
```suggestion
description: "Learn more about the SentryCrashIntegration, SentryAutoBreadcrumbTrackingIntegration, SentryAutoSessionTrackingIntegration, and SentryOutOfMemoryTrackingIntegration, which are enabled by default."
```

This integration will swizzle some methods to create breadcrumbs. For example, for `UIApplicationDidReceiveMemoryWarningNotification`, `sendAction:to:from:forEvent:` (UI interactions) or `viewDidAppear:` those breadcrumbs will be attached to your events.

### SentryOutOfMemoryTrackingIntegration

> **Attention: This is a preview API available since 7.0.0-alpha.3. This API is not in stable state yet. It may be renamed, changed or even removed in a future version.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Attention: This is a preview API available since 7.0.0-alpha.3. This API is not in stable state yet. It may be renamed, changed, or even removed in a future version.**
```

> This integration tracks out-of-memory crashes based on heuristics. This feature is available for iOS, tvOS, and Mac Catalyst and works only if the application was in the foreground. Checkout the <PlatformLink to="/configuration/out-of-memory/">configuration</PlatformLink> for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration tracks out-of-memory crashes based on heuristics. This feature is available for iOS, tvOS, and Mac Catalyst and works only if the application was in the foreground. Check out the <PlatformLink to="/configuration/out-of-memory/">configuration</PlatformLink> information for more details.
```

This integration registers for lifecycle notifications and automatically starts and ends sessions required for [Release Health](/product/releases/health/#session).

### SentryOutOfMemoryTrackingIntegration

> **Attention: This is a preview API available since 7.0.0-alpha.3. This API is not in stable state yet. It may be renamed, changed, or even removed in a future version.**

Reviewer 2: I'd suggest we adopt this where applicable:
```suggestion
<Note>

This is a preview API, available in 7.0.0-alpha.3. Features available in a preview API are still in-progress and may have bugs. We recognize the irony. The API may be renamed, changed, or removed in a future version.

</Note>
```
